Add translations for v1.3.2 (#821)
Automattic/studio: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

1.3.2
=====
* Upgraded Electron to 33.3.1 (#782)

> * Assistant: Fix scroll glitch on initial render (#804)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Assistant: Fixed scroll glitch on initial render (#804)
```

> * Display tooltip with the demo site last update time (#812)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added tooltip with demo site last update time (#812)
```

> * Studio: Open the site's URL from the Sync connect popup (#799)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added link to the site's URL on the Sync connect popup (#799)
```

> * Bump demo site size limit to 2GB from 250MB (#805)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Increased demo site size limit from 250MB to 2GB (#805)
```
